# 2025 market

Canadian homeowners are facing the worst case of break-ins and car theft.
This increase in risk, and fear has a proportional increase in the demand for home security products.

There is a unique challenge in Canadian home defense, since we are not legally allowed to use lethal force to protect our property.

What is the best way to protect your home in Canada?

## Home Security Solutions
Developing a novel home security solution that is tailored to the Canadian market can be a lucrative opportunity. But the turnaround time is long, and will take R&D, etc. to develop.

To start, we will aim for a productized service. A product bundle that is more cost effective and faster to install for home-owners.

todo:
- What products will the bundle include? (list is sorted from most to least essential)
* Cameras (if they dont already have them)
    - Note security perimeter for all critical entry points
    - Note out of reach camera mounting locations
    - https://www.amazon.ca/stores/page/E66ECACD-83AE-4B2A-9672-FD606BB7A319/?_encoding=UTF8&store_ref=SB_A00145063IQVK0Q568BDW-A01992623TH3X8KD7TQP2&pd_rd_plhdr=t&aaxitk=589abff50eb7a35f438e7c6ae7a5a8cb&hsa_cr_id=0&lp_asins=B0D8PSH82M%2CB0DF82Q8JB%2CB0CHSK6M21&lp_query=home%20security%20camera%20outdoor&lp_slot=auto-sparkle-hsa-tetris&ref_=sbx_be_s_sparkle_lsi4d_cta&pd_rd_w=PTQVz&content-id=amzn1.sym.154ab592-f965-47e3-a699-c34632e5b4ed%3Aamzn1.sym.154ab592-f965-47e3-a699-c34632e5b4ed&pf_rd_p=154ab592-f965-47e3-a699-c34632e5b4ed&pf_rd_r=0QR74D7FCTN01WF3KFHF&pd_rd_wg=GHG3B&pd_rd_r=20e12994-c36a-4e13-a4a9-dac70018b1fa
* Car locks (steering, tire)
    - kill switch (effective but requires complex installation, potential for product later)
    - steering lock
    https://www.amazon.ca/Steering-Universal-Anti-Theft-Adjustable-Self-Defense/dp/B079JCFDYB/ref=sr_1_6?crid=24IF1CMNWBNLQ&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.QG6_BXzqZTrR1gNnmjXNHHUQGbHtflwkWCsoSwZODYz1c3in7P_Urs4lY2r8eVwX8Spn4KO9s55ucCft9CQo5x0mrEC0oHVZvgnV8ITBh8P-FtfgSuwHHwvf7SX9LiMuZDN8kg-NhLj5urgtAQW2njvTrJnKr94MhKCiGPWG2mny1nElN8gLHXxuUb1XdtpRRcm74uBzF9iTH9SWZQ6fkuLADV1CeljKriYLxc1xFgw_Gi9-uUyLNHvL2IM8-hTsrIQuSC1ETBBxMqwGPs5taDWgsq8O17IJji7FzXGJqvA.ZxXgaDPXKlbykRkEwnBBL4JhxVXN2ieNhc2wyCYoqiQ&dib_tag=se&keywords=steering%2Block&qid=1751553299&sprefix=steering%2Block%2Caps%2C87&sr=8-6&th=1
    - OBD lock
    https://www.amazon.ca/s?k=OBD+port+lock&s=review-rank&ds=v1%3AeRQ%2FiiBVxhNg9m%2FC3AvV6GLTGJETP1GJ69xcNC16%2Fsg&crid=1HCVZJBDFHCYU&qid=1751553365&sprefix=obd+port+lock%2Caps%2C100&ref=sr_st_review-rank
    - faraday box (to prevent key fob relay attacks)
    https://www.amazon.ca/s?k=faraday+box+for+car+keys&crid=1UNESNK4OKBW&sprefix=faraday%2Caps%2C84&ref=nb_sb_ss_ts-doa-p_ci_hl-bn-left_1_7
    - tire lock
* Perimeter Detectors (Ajax DualCurtain, outdoor motion beams)
* Window/Door Reinforcement Hardware
* Smart Garage Door Locks/Openers
* Glass break protection
* Physical Barricades
* Security Lighting (STARTLE Light, motion-activated floodlights)
* Barking Dog Alarms
* Discreet Safe Storage (Tactical Walls)
* Pepper Spray/Non-lethal Defense Systems
* Emergency Escape Devices (SkySaver Family)
* Paintball Landmine/Novelty Deterrents

What complexities will each installation have?
What models will each be?
What will the bundle cost?

- What will the pricing model look like?
## Fixed-price Model
Better for initial market validation, getting experienced with the installation process, product sourcing, etc.
Profitability on each installation is immediate, but the barrier to entry for customers is higher.
Simpler to operate solo.
After initial jobs and market validation (20-50 installations), can transition to a subscription model.
pilot with a hybrid model 5-10 subscriptions,
then move to full subscription model.

## Subscription Model
No-upfront cost, instead will have monthly subscription

pros:
- recurring revenue
- successfully practiced by biggest players in the market
- lower barrier to entry for customers

cons:
- have to front the equipment cost
- Risk of early cancellation, making a loss on the initial investment (can have a cancellation fee to mitigate this risk)
- Delayed profitability
- on the hook for initial maintenance and support 

- How will we market the product?

