Currently, trying to get a grasp of all the key components within the credit card processing infrastructure end-to-end.

Gaining a grasp of different card workflow types such as card-present (contact, and contactless) as well as card-not-present transactions.
# Maintaining Card Present within the vehicle

We want to maintain card-present transaction capability within the vehicle as the card is still within close proximity of the cardholder, it is a lack of technological capability to identify this.

Card-not-present is not as favorable due to the higher risk implication, key disadvantage compared to the payment terminal which will be still very close by.

We must maintain card presence.

The issue is that current card-present communication methods require payment terminal specific hardware to verify the card presence:
- EMV
- mag stripe
- NFC

These all tie payment to a physical terminal which is not as ubiquitous as say a smartphone which is always within close proximity to the cardholder and provides inherit ways to verify the cardholder, effectively replacing the function of PIN entry.

Other alternative methods to card-presence verification such as:
- QR codes, 
- biometrics, 
- UWB (ultra-wide band)

This could offer solutions that decouple the cardholder from the POS terminal hardware but onto their smartphone hardware and still be compliant with card presence requirements.

Moreover, chatgpt confirms states that technically card details itself do not need to be verified if the cardholder identify can be verified as this superceeds authentication of card presence is cardholder presence. The smartphone has many inherit ways of dealing with identity authentication.

All three alternatives offer card presence without needing a pos terminal hardware, instead can be fully supported on smartphone hardware.

The should solve the issue of bringing card presence within the car environment that can match convenience of tap. Meaning we presence value of convenience, while preserving value of risk by maintaining card presence.


However they are not yet widely adopted in North-America or are still very new. Investigate why that is. 
